Update the cypher test setup in Database administration and Authentication and Authorization sections (#3206)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-authorization/manage-users.adoc

Reviewer: Beware https://github.com/neo4j/docs-operations/pull/3245, so we don't get weird ordering or examples out of sync as you are both changing things here (and in the roles file)

Reviewer: I added a comment on that one as well: https://github.com/neo4j/docs-operations/pull/3245#discussion_r3829023852

:description: This section explains how to use Cypher to manage users in Neo4j.
////
[source, cypher, role=test-setup]
----

> CREATE USER bob SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' CHANGE NOT REQUIRED

Reviewer: rename section renames jake to bob, so I don't think we want a pre-existing bob...

Reviewer: bob is still here so not resolved (this would cause issues in the rename section about the new name already existing)

> CREATE USER alice SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' CHANGE NOT REQUIRED

Reviewer: the show users examples at the beginning is only listing jake (both for current and all users (well all also includes neo4j)), so it feels odd that the page setup doesn't have jake but two others.

Reviewer: and the show tags example also mentions/shows that jake should have some tags set (though maybe that should be setup in that test and not for the whole page):
> Assuming `jake` has been assigned the tags `finance` and `auditor` (tags are managed using the <<access-control-alter-users, `ALTER USER`>> command):

Reviewer: though I do know this user is added in the CREATE section 🤷  I think SHOW earlier was later on the page but that have changed at some point so now the examples are out of order 🤷

> CREATE USER alice SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' CHANGE NOT REQUIRED

Reviewer: the show users with auth examples expect a user named `jack` (with two different auths set)

Reviewer: but this user doesn't then appear in later show's on the page (there are some to verify changes, those generally only knows about jake/bob and neo4j)

However, the `SHOW USER METADATA` privilege is required to see the values in the `tags` column returned by `SHOW CURRENT USER YIELD *`; without it, the column returns `null`.

`SET TAGS` and `SHOW USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

> Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.

Reviewer: I don't think this note belongs here? this is just a note about how/when they are returned by the show command
```suggestion
```

Author: But the sentence is about what values to provide when you set tags and not about what is returned, or am I seeing something wrong?

Reviewer: the sentence you added are about how to set them, but you added it in the section for what is returned and I didn't think it made any sense to have it there? I think it's enough to actually add it to the sections talking about setting tags

Author: Ok, yes, we are talking about the same thing.

The `SHOW USER METADATA` privilege is additionally required to see the values in the `tags` column returned by `SHOW USERS YIELD *`; without it, the column returns `null`.

`SET TAGS` and `SHOW USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

> Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.

Reviewer: I don't think this note belongs here? this is just a note about how/when they are returned by the show command
```suggestion
```

The `SET USER METADATA` privilege is only required when attaching tags with the `SET TAG[S]` clause.

> `SET TAGS` and `SET USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

Reviewer: while it is correct that I don't want it here, just remember to put it up in the description row for creating users instead so it doesn't just get removed

The `SET USER METADATA` privilege is only required when attaching tags with the `SET TAG[S]` clause.

`SET TAGS` and `SET USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

> Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.

Reviewer: I would not put this note here, this talks about what privilege is needed (and when they were introduced). I'd put it up in the syntax row instead, similar to how the set auth clause is further explained up there.

I might even think the info about when the SET TAGS clause were introduced should be up in the syntax section while the info around SET USER METADATA should stay here 🤷

Reviewer: or it could be put in the description row similarly to how it is done for ALTER

The `SET USER METADATA` privilege is only required when attaching tags with the `SET TAG[S]` clause.

> `SET TAGS` and `SET USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

Reviewer: while it is correct that I don't want it here, just remember to put it up in the description row for creating or replacing users instead so it doesn't just get removed

The `SET USER METADATA` privilege is only required when attaching tags with the `SET TAG[S]` clause.

`SET TAGS` and `SET USER METADATA` are Enterprise Edition features introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

> Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.

Reviewer: same here, I would not put this note here as this talks about what privilege is needed (and when they were introduced). I'd put it up in the syntax row instead, similar to how the set auth clause is further explained up there.

I might even think the info about when the SET TAGS clause were introduced should be up in the syntax section while the info around SET USER METADATA should stay here 🤷

Reviewer: or it could be put in the description row similarly to how it is done for ALTER

[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
ALTER USERS name[, ...] [IF EXISTS]
  [REMOVE { TAG[S] tags \| ALL TAG[S] }]...
  [ADD TAG[S] tags]...
  [SET TAG[S] tags]
----

> | Description

Reviewer: I think this description should also be updated with the 
```
Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
```
sentence

> | Description

Reviewer: it might just be me but I'm not sure I feel like having the enterprise and version labels above the row is that clear for what they apply to:
<img width="853" height="1493" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6c0f60d5-370d-4ed6-8197-0f7724c086b1" />
might have been nicer to have it on the command row or at the start of the description? 🤷

> The `SHOW USER[S] PRIVILEGES` command is described in xref:authentication-authorization/manage-privileges.adoc#access-control-list-privileges[Showing privileges].

Reviewer: why is this note not part of the description block of that command? instead of having it after the tables way separated from that commands block?

Author: I think we have it there, but without the enterprise label.

* In Neo4j Enterprise Edition all users are automatically assigned the xref:authentication-authorization/built-in-roles.adoc#access-control-built-in-roles-public[`PUBLIC` role], giving them a base set of privileges.
====

[NOTE, role=label--enterprise-edition]
====

> The `SET STATUS {ACTIVE | SUSPENDED}`, `SET HOME DATABASE`, `REMOVE HOME DATABASE`, `REMOVE AUTH`, and the tag clauses: `SET TAG[S]`, `ADD TAG[S]`, `REMOVE TAG[S]`, and `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` parts of the command are only available in Neo4j Enterprise Edition.

Reviewer: Let's not have the alter-only clauses in the create note
```suggestion
The `SET STATUS {ACTIVE | SUSPENDED}`, `SET HOME DATABASE`, and `SET TAG[S]` parts of the command are only available in Neo4j Enterprise Edition.
```

Author: Ah, yes.

The `SET AUTH` clause for external providers is only available in Neo4j Enterprise Edition.
However, `SET AUTH 'native'` can be used in Neo4j Community Edition.

> The tags clauses are introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.

Reviewer: since create only have one
```suggestion
The `SET TAG[S]` clause is introduced in Neo4j 2026.06.
```

For general information about the `SHOW` command, see the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/clauses/show/[Cypher Manual -> SHOW].
====

[[access-control-create-users]]

> == Creating users

Reviewer: feels weird to me to split the various show user command sections and have create user in between the show current user and the show user and show user with auth variants?
<img width="463" height="1052" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/884d880d-f5e3-4b49-987f-f6c16474b227" />

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure where to put it, as it has a different command from show users, but I don't remember why I chose to be before creating users. Could be that, as a logged-in user, you can show the current user before you actually start adding new users.

`ADD TAGS` idempotently adds the specified tags to any existing tags, `REMOVE TAGS` idempotently removes the specified tags, and `SET TAGS` replaces any tags the user already has with the specified tags.

[NOTE]
====
Usernames are case sensitive.
The created user will appear on the list provided by `SHOW USERS`.

* In Neo4j Community Edition there are no roles, but all users have implied administrator privileges.
* In Neo4j Enterprise Edition all users are automatically assigned the xref:authentication-authorization/built-in-roles.adoc#access-control-built-in-roles-public[`PUBLIC` role], giving them a base set of privileges.
====

=== Create user with password, status, and home database

For example, you can create the user `jake` in a suspended state, with the home database `anotherDb`, and the requirement to change the password by using the command:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER jake
SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' CHANGE REQUIRED
SET STATUS SUSPENDED
SET HOME DATABASE anotherDb;
----

> The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax, for example:
```

`ADD TAGS` idempotently adds the specified tags to any existing tags, `REMOVE TAGS` idempotently removes the specified tags, and `SET TAGS` replaces any tags the user already has with the specified tags.

[NOTE]
====
Usernames are case sensitive.
The created user will appear on the list provided by `SHOW USERS`.

* In Neo4j Community Edition there are no roles, but all users have implied administrator privileges.
* In Neo4j Enterprise Edition all users are automatically assigned the xref:authentication-authorization/built-in-roles.adoc#access-control-built-in-roles-public[`PUBLIC` role], giving them a base set of privileges.
====

=== Create user with password, status, and home database

For example, you can create the user `jake` in a suspended state, with the home database `anotherDb`, and the requirement to change the password by using the command:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER jake
SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' CHANGE REQUIRED
SET STATUS SUSPENDED
SET HOME DATABASE anotherDb;
----

The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----

> CREATE USER joe

Reviewer: it's not an equivalent command if you use different users for them? I don't think the intention was to create multiple users but just show both syntax variants?

Reviewer: I guess having both is nice for the show examples later, but maybe update the sentence above to not imply it should be the same command?

SET STATUS SUSPENDED
SET HOME DATABASE anotherDb
SET AUTH 'native' {SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' SET PASSWORD CHANGE REQUIRED};
----

Or is using a third-party ID provider:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER alice
SET HOME DATABASE anotherDb

> SET AUTH 'oidc1' {SET ID 'alicesUniqueMySsoId'};

Reviewer: in difference to the two queries above this doesn't set the STATUS like the header implies

Reviewer: might be fine as well, just wanted to point it out

----

=== Create user with an encrypted password

You can create the user `molly` in an active state, with an encrypted password (taken from the _/data/scripts/databasename/restore_metadata.cypher_ of a restored database backup), and the requirement to not change the password by running:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER molly
SET STATUS ACTIVE
SET ENCRYPTED PASSWORD '1,6d57a5e0b3317055454e455f96c98c750c77fb371f3f0634a1b8ff2a55c5b825,190ae47c661e0668a0c8be8a21ff78a4a34cdf918cae3c407e907b73932bd16c' CHANGE NOT REQUIRED
;
----

The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----

> CREATE USER jessy

Reviewer: same here as above, not expected to create an additional user but just show an alternative syntax for creating Molly? (and same as above might be nice to have both but updating the sentence above to not imply it should be the same command?)

SET STATUS ACTIVE
SET AUTH 'native' {
  SET ENCRYPTED PASSWORD '1,6d57a5e0b3317055454e455f96c98c750c77fb371f3f0634a1b8ff2a55c5b825,190ae47c661e0668a0c8be8a21ff78a4a34cdf918cae3c407e907b73932bd16c'
  SET PASSWORD CHANGE NOT REQUIRED
};
----

[NOTE, role=label--enterprise-edition]
====
The `SET STATUS {ACTIVE | SUSPENDED}`, `SET HOME DATABASE` parts of the commands are only available in Neo4j Enterprise Edition.
The `SET AUTH` clause for external providers is only available in Neo4j Enterprise Edition.
However, `SET AUTH 'native'` can be used in Neo4j Community Edition.
====

The `CREATE USER` command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an exception if the user already exists.
Appending `IF NOT EXISTS` to the `CREATE USER` command will ensure that no exception is thrown and nothing happens should the user already exist.

=== Create user if not exists

> You can create the user `jake` only if it does not already exist by using the command:

Reviewer: should the sentence about IF NOT EXISTS move from just above the section to the start of the section instead?

Author: I am not sure I understand you.

Author: You mean below the syntax?

Author: Right now, you have both syntaxes and examples.

Reviewer: The "intro" to IF NOT EXISTS was before the section and not at the start of the section

```suggestion

=== Create user if not exists

The `CREATE USER` command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an exception if the user already exists.
Appending `IF NOT EXISTS` to the `CREATE USER` command will ensure that no exception is thrown and nothing happens should the user already exist.

You can create the user `jake` only if it does not already exist by using the command:
```

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER jake IF NOT EXISTS
SET PLAINTEXT PASSWORD 'abcd1234';
----

The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER jake IF NOT EXISTS
SET AUTH 'native' {SET PLAINTEXT PASSWORD 'abcd1234'};
----

The `CREATE OR REPLACE USER` command will result in any existing user being deleted and a new one created.

=== Create or replace user

You can create the user `jake` or replace it if it already exists by using the command:

> 

Reviewer: same here, should the sentence about CREATE OR REPLACE be moved down into the create or replace section?

Author: I am not sure I want to split creating users into different sections. There is no such section create or replace.

Author: ok, I have copied the syntax explanation and created two separate sections with examples for create and create and replace,

Reviewer: isn't
> === Create or replace user

a section/sub-section header?

what I was initially asking here was just to do :
```suggestion

=== Create or replace user

The `CREATE OR REPLACE USER` command will result in any existing user being deleted and a new one created.

You can create the user `jake` or replace it if it already exists by using the command:

```
same as the IF NOT EXISTS one, have the "intro" sentence at the start of the section and not at the end of the section before it...

Reviewer: And I don't need all the parts from the syntax, let's leave that in the syntax section and lets keep the old section structure 
<img width="428" height="488" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6ad2ff8a-9cf0-43ec-8842-11455c44b9be" />
as I definitely prefer it over this one

Author: Yeah, these pages are super long and quite messy. We might need to split them into separate pages.

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE OR REPLACE USER jake
SET PLAINTEXT PASSWORD 'abcd1234';
----

This is equivalent to running `DROP USER jake IF EXISTS` followed by `CREATE USER jake SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234'`.

The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE OR REPLACE USER jake
SET AUTH 'native' {SET PLAINTEXT PASSWORD 'abcd1234'};
----

[role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-2026.06]
=== Create a user with tags

For example, you can create the user `jim` and attach the tags `finance` and `auditor`, which can then be evaluated in xref:authentication-authorization/attribute-based-access-control.adoc[ABAC] auth rules:
//This one doesn't work on 2026.06 version:
// neo4j@system> CREATE USER jim
//               SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234'
//               SET TAGS 'finance', 'auditor';
// 42I06: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid input. Invalid input ',', expected: 'SET' or <EOF>. (line 3, column 19 (offset: 58))
// "SET TAGS 'finance', 'auditor'"
//                    ^

> //   42001: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid syntax

Reviewer: @phil198 do you know what's going on here? is the SET TAGS with multiple tags added in a later release than SET TAGS with single tag? or is it something else?

Reviewer: looked at the parser, if we want more than one tag we need to put them in a list:
```
SET TAGS ['finance', 'auditor']
```
so the example should be updated to have that syntax instead (and it should then let you test out the examples)

Reviewer: this would also need to be updated in the syntax description/tables on the page (currently having a separate discussion on the syntax with Jens though)

Suggestion from that conversation: instead of the `[SET TAG[S] tag[, ...]]`, `[ADD TAG[S] tag[, ...]]...` and `[REMOVE { TAG[S] tag[, ...] | ALL TAG[S] }]...` just have `[SET TAG[S] tags]`, `[ADD TAG[S] tags]...` and `[REMOVE { TAG[S] tags | ALL TAG[S] }]...` and add a note along the lines of:
```
Tags must be supplied as a single quoted STRING value, a LIST containing STRING values or as an parameter resolving to a STRING or a LIST<STRING>.
```

[source, cypher,role=noplay]
----
CREATE USER jim
SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234'
SET TAGS 'finance', 'auditor';
----

[NOTE]
====
The `CREATE OR REPLACE USER` command does not allow the use of `IF NOT EXISTS`.

> ====

Reviewer: this note should be up in the create or replace section and not in the tags section, I guess someone initially added the tags section in a slightly wrong spot

----

.Result
[role="queryresult"]
----

> TO DO WHEN THE CREATE WORKS

Reviewer: leaving comment for this TODO so we don't merge with this text XD

Author: It should be fixed here, or we need to remove the example above.

| user    | roles               | passwordChangeRequired | suspended | home        | provider | auth                                     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| "alice" | ["PUBLIC"]          | NULL                   | FALSE     | "anotherdb" | "oidc1"  | {id: "alicesUniqueMySsoId"}              |
| "jake"  | ["PUBLIC"]          | TRUE                   | FALSE     | NULL        | "native" | {changeRequired: TRUE, password: "***"}  |
| "jessy" | ["PUBLIC"]          | FALSE                  | FALSE     | NULL        | "native" | {changeRequired: FALSE, password: "***"} |
| "joe"   | ["PUBLIC"]          | TRUE                   | TRUE      | "anotherdb" | "native" | {changeRequired: TRUE, password: "***"}  |
| "molly" | ["PUBLIC"]          | FALSE                  | FALSE     | NULL        | "native" | {changeRequired: FALSE, password: "***"} |
| "neo4j" | ["admin", "PUBLIC"] | FALSE                  | FALSE     | NULL        | "native" | {changeRequired: FALSE, password: "***"} |

> +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: one thing this example doesn't show that the previous one did is a user that have both native and external auth, that might be nice to also add? (since we get one row per auth for them)

Author: Yes,  because the example with auth has no auth rules.

Reviewer: this doesn't have to do with auth rules? it has to do with native vs external auth for the users?

and it might be nice for this example if we add in another user with multiple auths to show the behaviour
```
CREATE USER sandra 
SET AUTH 'native' {SET PASSWORD 'abcd1234' SET PASSWORD CHANGE NOT REQUIRED}
SET AUTH 'oidc1' {SET ID 'sandrasUniqueMySsoId'};
```

Author: How about adding native auth to `alice`?

"}"
----
<11> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Sets the user's tags, replacing any tags the user already has.
Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
To add tags without removing existing ones, use the `ADD TAG[S]` clause instead.
Tags can be evaluated in xref:authentication-authorization/attribute-based-access-control.adoc[attribute-based access control (ABAC)] auth rules using the `link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/functions/security/#functions-security-native-user-tags[abac.native.user_tags()]` function.

[NOTE]
====
When altering a user, it is only necessary to specify the changes required.
For example, leaving out the `CHANGE [NOT] REQUIRED` part of the query leaves that unchanged.
====

> [NOTE, role=label--enterprise-edition]

Author: 1. adding the labels and keeping the note
2. yes

> [NOTE, role=label--enterprise-edition]

Reviewer: sounds like good ideas 👍

> The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax, for example:
```

Reviewer: this update seems to have been lost as I don't see it when looking at all changes, the sentence still says "equivalent command"

Author: because the user is the same - `jake`

The equivalent command using the xref:authentication-authorization/auth-providers.adoc[auth providers] syntax would be:

----

> ALTER USER joe

Reviewer: again with the equivalent alternative syntax now changing different users compared to before

ALTER USER name [IF EXISTS] # <1>
  [REMOVE HOME DATABASE] # <2>
  [REMOVE { AUTH [PROVIDER[S]] provider[, ...] \| ALL AUTH [PROVIDER[S]] }]... # <3>
  [REMOVE { TAG[S] tags \| ALL TAG[S] }]... # <4>
  [ADD TAG[S] tags]... # <5>
  [SET [PLAINTEXT | ENCRYPTED] PASSWORD 'password'] # <6>
  [[SET PASSWORD] CHANGE [NOT] REQUIRED] # <7>
  [SET STATUS {ACTIVE | SUSPENDED}] # <8>
  [SET HOME DATABASE name] # <9>
  [SET AUTH [PROVIDER] 'provider' "{"{SET <key> <value>}..."}"]... # <10>
  [SET TAG[S] tags] # <11>
----
Where:

> 

Reviewer: we also need to update the list below this line for the tags update. I can see:
>```
>Use `REMOVE TAG[S] tag[, ...]` to remove specific tags, or `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` to remove every tag from the user.
>```
>which should be
>```
>Use `REMOVE TAG[S] tags` to remove specific tags, or `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` to remove every tag from the user.
>Specific tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
>```

>```
><5> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Adds one or more tags to the user, keeping any existing tags.
>The value is either a single string or a comma-separated list of strings.
>```
>which should be
>```
><5> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Adds one or more tags to the user, keeping any existing tags.
>Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
>```

"}"
----
<11> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Sets the user's tags, replacing any tags the user already has.

> Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.

Reviewer: we also need to update 4 and 5 in this list:

>part of 4:
>```
>Use `REMOVE TAG[S] tag[, ...]` to remove specific tags, or `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` to remove every tag from the user.
>```
>which should be
>```
>Use `REMOVE TAG[S] tags` to remove specific tags, or `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` to remove every tag from the user.
>Specific tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
>```

>```
><5> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Adds one or more tags to the user, keeping any existing tags.
>The value is either a single string or a comma-separated list of strings.
>```
>which should be
>```
><5> label:new[Introduced in 2026.06] label:enterprise-edition[] Adds one or more tags to the user, keeping any existing tags.
>Tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
>```

`SET TAGS` replaces whatever tags the user currently has.
For example, you can replace `bob` tags with exactly `finance` and `auditor`:

> //This one doesn't work on 2026.06 version for the same reason: the comma between the two tags.

Reviewer: remember to remove this comment once it works

Author: This must be fixed. I guess the example is wrong or the syntax.

----
SHOW USERS YIELD *;
----

> //To update the result after we fix the issue with the comma.

Reviewer: remember to update this when fixed

=== Replace the tags of multiple users

For example, you can replace whatever tags `bob` and `alice` currently have with exactly `finance` and `auditor`, skipping any of the listed users that do not exist:

> //Doesn't work for the same reason.

Reviewer: remember to remove this comment once it works

[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
ALTER USERS name[, ...] [IF EXISTS] # <1>
  [REMOVE { TAG[S] tags \| ALL TAG[S] }]... # <2>
  [ADD TAG[S] tags]... # <3>
  [SET TAG[S] tags] # <4>
----
Where:

> 

Reviewer: the list below need to be updated to reflect the tags update:

the <2> needs updating for syntax:
```
<2> Removes one, several, or all existing tags from each listed user.
Use `REMOVE TAG[S] tag` to remove specific tags, or `REMOVE ALL TAG[S]` to remove every tag.
```

and then we should add the 
```
Specific tags must be supplied as a single quoted `STRING` value, a `LIST` containing `STRING` values, or a parameter resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
```
sentence to the general paragraph below that talks about where the tags are used from

Author: This is about removing tags, not adding them. Why do you want to add the sentence here?
